Now as before, you can also combined is by here on the last div creating an array where I for one set
my style.
But now let's say I also pass as a second element a new object where I set the height equal to the width
plus pixels,
so even though it's called width, I can of course also use this value to set the height to create a square
again.
So now if I save this and I change this to 50, you see that the third block
now also changed in both width and height because I'm setting up both my style which sets color
and the width and this extra object which sets the height.
This is how you can use styles and classes and bind directly to both classes and styles using the different
syntaxes to pass the styles and classes you want to pass.
One important note, if you use styles binding like this, vuejs will automatically prefix your styles
to work in all browsers supporting vuejs in the first place.